5 / 5
Reflect on the strengths and weaknesses of your team:
  -- How did each team member's strengths contribute to the overall
    result of the project?
  -- If you had to do this again, how would you use each member's
    strengths differently to maximise the success of the project?


14 / 20
Present your contributions to the FOSS project of your choice:
1/ 1 -- Explain the process you followed for choosing the feature (for
     the last deliverable).
1/ 1 -- Reflect on the choice of the feature.
2/ 3 -- Demonstrate the feature.
7/ 10 -- Present the design and implementation of the feature:
       -- How does your contribution fit into the overall
          design/architecture of the project?
       -- What software design decisions did you make? Why were these
          the best decisions?
       -- What was the most challenging part of the design and
          implementation?
3/ 5  -- Present the complete verification and validation strategy you
        followed. Explain your choices.
  -- If you have submitted a PR, present the results.


5 / 10
Present software processes, methods, and tools that you used in
  your work:
2/ 5  -- Describe the specifics of the software process.
1/ 2  -- Explain why this process worked (or didn't work!) for your
        team for your project.
2/ 3  -- Reflect on the good and bad decisions you made along the way,
        and any course corrections you made.


I was a bit disappointed to see that you have not put in the effort to
fully prepare for the presentation. I understand that the quarantine
affected your work, but the course requirements did not
change for anybody involved in the course: prof, TAs, and students.

Despite the lack of preparation, you were able to answer my questions
well.
The demo was good. It would have been more effective to actually present
the issues rather than describe them.

Your presentation did not properly address the issues of design and
implementation of the feature, and you were not able to fully answer
my questions on the topic, with the use of appropriate diagrams. I did
not see a thoughtful architectural decision making.
The V&V was not presented adequately, in particular, for the find feature.

I did not feel that you put in the work to learn a software process
and apply the knowledge in your project as much as you could, and the
presentation was very much lacking in detail and analysis.

Overall, I hope you had a good learning experience developing a real
piece of software and learning to contribute to open source projects
as part of the course.

